(UPLIFTING MUSIC PLAYING)
It's good to meet you, Dr. Banner.
Your work on antielectron
collisions is unparalleled.
And I'm a huge fan of the way
you lose control
and turn into an enormous
green rage-monster.
Thanks.
I read all about your accident.
That much gamma exposure
should have killed you.
So you're saying that the Hulk
saved my life?
Bruce.
BANNER: Saved it for what?
I guess we'll find out.
Now might be a really good
time for you to get angry.
That's my secret, Captain.
I'm always angry.
(GROWLS)
(ROARS)
I am a god,
and I will not be bullied by... (YELPS)
Puny god.
Hey, big guy.
(GROWLS)
Sun's getting real low.
ROMANOFF: The lullaby
worked better than ever.
BANNER: Just wasn't expecting
a code green.
ROMANOFF: How long before you trust me?
It's not you I don't trust.
(GRUNTS)
The world just saw the Hulk.
The real Hulk, for the first time.
Where in the world
am I not a threat?
-You're not a threat to me.
-BANNER: Are you sure?
(RUMBLING)
We gotta move.
You're not gonna turn green?
I've got a compelling reason
not to lose my cool.
I adore you.
(ROMANOFF GRUNTS)
But I need the other guy.
(GROWLING)
(ROARING)
ROMANOFF: (OVER PA)
Hey, big guy. We did it.
The job is finished.
We can't track you in stealth mode.
So help me out. I need you...
FURY: Probably jumped out
and swam to Fiji.
He'll send a postcard.
"Wish you were here."
What have you brought today? Tell me.
A contender.
(ROARING)
-Yes!
-(ROARS)
Banner, we're friends.
This is crazy. I don't want to hurt you.
-(ROARING)
-(THOR GRUNTING)
(THUDS)
How'd you get here?
(MIMICKING QUINJET)
-Quinjet.
-Yes!
THOR: If you help me get back to Asgard,
I can help you get back to Earth.
Earth hate Hulk.
THOR: Earth loves Hulk.
You're one of the Avengers.
One of the team.
-Friend stay.
-No, no, no!
ROMANOFF: Now I need you to turn
this bird around, okay?
We can't track you in stealth mode.
HULK: No, Banner!
(GRUNTING)
You all right, Banner?
-(GASPING)
-(SHUSHING)
Sun's going down. Sun's going down.
-(BREATHING HEAVILY)
-That's it, breathe.
-(BANNER GROANS)
-(EXHALES)
Where are we?
THOR: Banner, listen.
BANNER: What?
THOR: Sokovia. Ultron.
That was two years ago.
-BANNER: I've been Hulk for two years?
-(ROARS)
THOR: I'm afraid so.
The whole thing
is totally different this time.
In the past, I always felt like Hulk
and I each had a hand on the wheel.
But this time, it's like he had the keys
to the car and I was locked in the trunk.
No Banner. Only Hulk.
THOR: I'm gonna figure out
a way to get us home.
Thank you.
Not your home, though. Asgard.
My home.
What do you say?
Uncharted metagalactic travel
through a volatile cosmic gateway.
Talk about an adventure.
(WHOOSHES)
I need you two to help
get everyone off Asgard.
(GROWLING)
Go back!
Everything's gonna be all right now.
I got this.
What the hell are you talking about?
(THUDS)
(SNARLING)
-(ALL WHIMPERING)
-(ROARS)
(ROARING)
Let's go!
The Tesseract.
Or your brother's head.
(ROARS)
(THANOS GRUNTING)
(CRASHING)
Thanos is coming.
BANNER: If he gets his hands
on all six Stones, Tony...
DR. STRANGE: He could destroy life
on a scale hitherto undreamt of.
One to go.
Tell me his name again.
Thanos.
Hulk! What are you doing to me?
Come out! Come out! Come out!
No!
(GROANS)
What do you mean, "no"?
SMART HULK: Five years ago,
we got our asses beat.
Except it was worse for me...
'cause I lost twice.
First, Hulk lost, then Banner lost...
and then, we all lost.
No one blamed you, Bruce.
I did.
For years, I've been treating the Hulk
like he's some kind of disease...
something to get rid of.
But then, I start looking at him
as the cure.
Eighteen months in the gamma lab.
I put the brains and the brawn together...
and now, look at me.
Best of both worlds.
ROGERS: All right. We have a plan.
Six stones, three teams, one shot.
(POWERING UP)
Did we get 'em all?
SMART HULK: Clint, where's Nat?
We have to make it worth it.
ROCKET: All right. The glove's ready.
Question is,
who's gonna snap their freakin' fingers?
It's gotta be me.
The radiation's mostly gamma.
It's like... I was made for this.
ROGERS: Bruce!
I think it worked.
(ROARING)
SMART HULK: Once we're done
with the stones...
we can return each one to its own timeline
at the moment it was taken.
So, chronologically... in that reality...
it never left.
ANCIENT ONE: Yes, but you're leaving out
the most important part.
In order to return the stones,
you have to survive.
We will. I will. I promise.
ANCIENT ONE: I'm counting on you, Bruce.
We all are.
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING)